How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It only allowed the difference so
    I was able to focus on them more.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I don't have to spend too much time
    thinking of what I have done wrong.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The Pros is that it gets a person use to double
    checking their work and then saving.
    The Cons is that a person might
    forget to save and close out losing all their work.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    In Git, eash version is like a project so it saves as a whole.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Log depicts my comments on what and why I commited.
    diff lets the user know what is the difference.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I know if I breaksomething, that I can always revert back to the last working one.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Professional Projects

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
    In the long term, I can go back and analyzed why I programmed a certain way.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
    Pros you can choose a time to commit that makes sense logically
    so when you want to go back, you can know what was going on.
    Cons is that you might forget after writing code for many different functionality.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
    Git has more to do with projects and all files are related to the project
    Google Doc doesn't do that??

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log is use to see the instance of every commit.
    git diff compares two commits with each other.